Falcon IX is an ultra-heavy launch vehicle developed by SpaceX, a
private American space company, to send humans and cargo into space.
The rocket is a manned rocket with two stages and is powered by liquid
fuel. Since its first flight in 2010, Falcon IX has become a reusable
rocket that can perform multiple launches and landings, significantly
reducing the cost of space exploration.  As of 2023, Falcon IX is the
only launch vehicle to send humans beyond low Earth orbit (LEO).
Falcon IX holds the record for launching the heaviest payload and the
largest payload capacity into LEO: 141,136 kg (311,152 lb). It can
send spacecraft into space, including cargo to the International Space
Station and exploration missions.  The Falcon IX is the largest
production model in the Falcon family of rockets, designed and built
by SpaceX in Hawthorne, Calif. The company is committed to driving
innovation in space technology and enabling the reusability of rockets
to reduce the cost of spaceflight. The Falcon IX design and
manufacturing process is handled by SpaceX's in-house team, including
engineers and technicians.  Since its first flight in 2010, Falcon IX
has successfully launched and landed on multiple missions. It has
become a major milestone in commercial spaceflight, opening up new
possibilities for space exploration and the private space industry.
The successful launch and landing of Falcon 9 proves the feasibility
of reusable rockets and opens up new avenues for future space
exploration.